# Data for data service landscape scan

+ institutions.csv: List of institutions considered peers of the University of Arizona as well as any institutions in the PAC-12 that are not peers of the University of Arizona. For each institution, includes location (state, city), public/private status, land grant status, Association of American Universities membership, and whether or not institution includes a medical school. Retrieved from [https://uair.arizona.edu/content/ua-peers](https://uair.arizona.edu/content/ua-peers) on 2020-05-21.
+ services-additional.csv: Institution / service with additional services information; includes all institution / service combinations in services-absent-to-confirm.csv with information indicating whether service actually present (a URL in the URL column) or absent (an `NA` in the URL column).
+ services-absent-to-confirm.csv: Following review of services initially categorized as present, the institution / service combinations that remain absent and need final check by Data Cooperative personnel to ensure they are absent.
+ services-absent.csv: List of institution / service combinations that were not identified by either reviewer
+ services-final.csv: List of institution /service combinations indicating presence / absence of services. When present, location of web page(s) describing the service are in URL column (multiple URLs are separated by a semicolon). This is the final version of data that is used for all subsequent analyses.
+ services-present-confirmed.csv: Services that are confirmed as actually being present. All services listed in services-present.csv were reviewed by two Data Cooperative personnel.
+ services-present-initial.csv: List of URLs with information about specific services provided at institutions, includes column indicating how many reviewers (1 or 2) identified this URL as listing the service for the respective institution
+ survey-form-dictionary.csv: Key to column name change from survey-form-responses.csv to survey-form-responses-clean.csv
+ survey-form-responses.csv: Google sheet output from form responses. Includes URL describing services in question; survey performed independently by two UAL staff, indicated by "Your initials" column
+ survey-form-responses-clean.csv: Copy of data from survey-form-responses.csv with more compute-friendly column names